Takeaways from two pointer solution:
* one thing to learn is we can iterate from right to left and for each element we can figure out the greater or equal to element in the right direction. that's what the "arr" is for
* the idea is for each element we have, in the "arr" array, the elements greater or equal to it and we can see that until the index where the value in arr is less than it. that point implies that the element we picked from nums has a rightmost limit at that point. and the numbers that come after that "num" element, if they are greater than the rightmost "arr" limit, they can be skipped as they also have that rightmost limit. but for the elements that are smaller, they could extend further to the right.
​
Takeaways from the monotonic stack solution:
* for the example [6,0,8,2,1,5], if we somehow find the max ramp for 0, is there any need to do the same for 8? think about it if we're gonna do for 8 we are saying there's an element to the right of 8 which is greater or equal to 8. and that number will for sure be greater than 0 (malet we're already done that for 0 and there's no need to do it for 8). so for the left end of the ramp, we only need to keep of numbers which are in decreasing order (i.e [6,0]) why do we need 6 and 0? because we can't guarantee that if a number is greater than 0 it is also greater than 6, and we can't guarantee that rightmost number that's greater than 6 may not be the rightmost number for 0. so for the right end of the ramp. if a number is greater than the top of the stack, it also has a chance to be greater than the next element in the stack. i.e [6,0] and 9. so we pop elements of the stack (keeping track of the maximum element) until that element can not be the rightmost limit. then we give chance to the next possible rightmost limit if it can be a limit to the element at the top of the stack
* there are a lot of gaps in my explanation of the solutions tbh but the reason for that is, it is hard to come up with the logical conclusions from just reading the question. and there is a lot of work to be done in my question investigation or analysis skills. other than that the lack of experience with implementation skills is also a hindrance and the reason why i get stuck knowing nowhere to go.